Refactor users and ranger policies variables with tdp collection playbooks (#181)
TOSIT-IO/tdp-getting-started: README.md

  --consumer.config /etc/kafka/conf/consumer.properties
```

### Utils

#### Configure HDFS user home directories

Create, update, remove HDFS user home directories.

```
ansible-playbook ansible_roles/collections/ansible_collections/tosit/tdp/playbooks/utils/hdfs_user_homes.yml
```

_Additional users can be added to the Ansible variable `hdfs_user_homes` if required._

> 
> When adding users after Ranger Usersync deployment and want to add or update Ranger policies with these new users, you must wait until Ranger Usersync poll users from LDAP or restart the Ranger Usersync with the playbook:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

When adding users following the Ranger Usersync deployment, you will need to add or update Ranger policies including these new users. You must wait for Ranger Usersync to poll users from LDAP or you can restart the Ranger Usersync using the following playbook:
```

Author: Done in last force push
